c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\Snapshot16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\Snapshot32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\Compare16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\Compare32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\History16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\History32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\restore16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Resources\Icons\restore32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Snapshot.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Snapshot.pdb
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\CommunityToolkit.Mvvm.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\EPPlus.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\EPPlus.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\EPPlus.System.Drawing.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\JetBrains.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\MimeMapping.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Nice3point.Revit.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Nice3point.Revit.Toolkit.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Core.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Functions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Gotrue.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Postgrest.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Realtime.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Supabase.Storage.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Buffers.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Memory.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Reactive.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Threading.Channels.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R24\Websocket.Client.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ComparisonResultWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ExcelMappingWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\FilledRegionToRoomMappingWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ParameterRestoreWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RestorePreviewWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RestoreResultWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RoomRestoreWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\SyncAreaWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\VersionSelectionWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ComparisonResultWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ExcelMappingWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\FilledRegionToRoomMappingWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\ParameterRestoreWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RestorePreviewWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RestoreResultWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\RoomRestoreWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\SyncAreaWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\VersionSelectionWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.g.resources
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Snapshot.pdb
C:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\SetupIDsWindow.baml
C:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R24\Views\SetupIDsWindow.g.cs
