c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\Snapshot16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\Snapshot32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\Compare16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\Compare32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\History16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\History32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\restore16.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Resources\Icons\restore32.png
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Snapshot.deps.json
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Snapshot.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Snapshot.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Snapshot.pdb
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\CommunityToolkit.Mvvm.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\EPPlus.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\EPPlus.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\EPPlus.System.Drawing.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\JetBrains.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\MimeMapping.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Nice3point.Revit.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Nice3point.Revit.Toolkit.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Core.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Functions.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Gotrue.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Postgrest.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Realtime.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Supabase.Storage.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\System.Reactive.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\Websocket.Client.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\bin\Debug R26\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ComparisonModeWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ComparisonResultWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ExcelMappingWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\FilledRegionToRoomMappingWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ParameterRestoreWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RestorePreviewWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RestoreResultWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RoomRestoreWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\SyncAreaWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\VersionSelectionWindow.baml
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ComparisonModeWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ComparisonResultWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ExcelMappingWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\FilledRegionToRoomMappingWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\ParameterRestoreWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RestorePreviewWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RestoreResultWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\RoomRestoreWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\SyncAreaWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Views\VersionSelectionWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.g.resources
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\refint\Snapshot.dll
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.pdb
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\Snapshot.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\yichao\Documents\VsCode\ViewTracker\obj\Debug R26\ref\Snapshot.dll
